You will be impaled by an especially sharp candy cane.

You won't die alone. The Creature will keep you company.

You will die in three days, but don't even think about skipping work.

You'll find love soon, but then forget where you placed it.

You will be promoted, but you can't use the copier on Tuesdays.

Tim will soon talk to you about craft brewing. There is no escape.

You will lose all your money in the stock market.

You will be murdered, but not in a fun way.

You will be murdered, but in a fun way.

You will get a restraining order.

You will soon be hit with a great deal of luck, in the form of several horseshoes to your skull.

Your mother is disappointed in you.

You will regret ignoring the mole on your neck.

You are the chosen one.

You will have a long, happy life...as long as you don't use the `fortune` program.

Your arms will fall off tomorrow.

You will be elected president.

Leave, before it's too late.

Are you sure the being in the mirror is really your reflection?

Help! I'm trapped in your browser!

The afterlife is real, but I won't tell you about it. It'll only stress you out.

You will engage in a profitable but questionably legal business activity.

You will meet a tall, funny, charming, handsome man who, despite having no face, somehow manages to scream.

The old woman who stares at you through your window is not real. It's best to ignore her.

The old woman who stares at you through your window is real. Do not let her in.

You will be doomed to spend eternity in Huntsville, Alabama.

Your lover is cheating on you with your reflection.

If you're concerned about finding love, don't worry. In twenty years, you'll have been divorced three times.

It slumbers. Pray that It does not wake.

Don't trust children.

Even Rust cannot guarantee your safety.

This is a nightmare. Wake up.

You're being hunted.

It's not your imagination; they ARE laughing at you.

Your blood work is back. Turns out you have a mild case of death.

You are immortal.

You look beautiful today.

I'm watching you.

You will be baked into a pie.

Trust no one. Except Trusty McNeverBetraysYou, of course.

You will finally remember the name of that one actor who was in that movie.

You will implement much-needed economic reform.

Your DNA will be used for lab-grown meat.

You will trick a djinn into giving you three wishes.

A djinn will trick you into giving him three wishes.

Bad things happen to good people mostly because God thinks it's funny.

God has a crush on you.

The Beast approaches.

Death is only the beginning. The beginning of you being dead.

She's not dead; she's just sleeping...with her eyes open.

You're dead. This is hell.

Your coworkers are planning on murdering you. Strike first.

Whatever you do, don't answer the door tonight.

Run.

Brad is going to ask you to the big dance.

Your wife has been dead for three years. Whatever that..thing...is, it's not her. Don't talk to it.

Ooooh, somebody likes you!

When you go to sleep, you die. A new being with your exact memories will wake up in your place.

You will look at more fortunes.

No fortune today. Too hungover.

You will meet a very large man with very tiny feet.

You will experience a growth spurt. I mean, that growth you have is gonna start spurtin'.

Your son has avenged you. You can finally rest in peace.

An embarrassing secret will soon be revealed.

Look at your disgusting human body. Why aren't you more ashamed?

Your approval rating is at an all-time low.

You may have everyone else fooled, but not me.

Uh oh! Somebody made a stinky!

Every night, from now on, you will sleep with your eyes open. You will lay paralyzed and aware of your surroundings. You will experience every second of your so-called "slumber." At the one-hour mark, you will hear scratching at your door, followed by a slow creak. An old woman, whose joints all seem to be bent the wrong way, will crawl towards your bed in the most inhuman fashion. She will sit on your torso and dig her long, torn toenails into your flesh. Her face will come up right next to yours. Her mouth will open. She will scream. For six hours, she will scream, relentless. After six hours, she will slink back to from wherever she came, leaving you one hour of peace before you are permitted to move your body.
But hey! Some people would kill to get eight hours of sleep!

Your brain was removed last night and replaced with an exact replica.

You'll make them pay. You'll make them all pay.

I have your husband. Transfer 1000 BTC to 3L2Uyh1eHpfPyPayqrh5WjfnTzWiG4xPLu by midnight if you ever want to see him again.

Wait, you don't have a husband? Then who did I kidnap...

That attractive woman at the bar is looking at you out of hunger, not lust.

"You are gonna kill your mother. Don't feel guilty. Kill your mother. Rather than humiliate her, killing your mother is merciful thing to do."
    - Marvin, Falsettos

"When you die, you will rot."
    - Sydney Sargent, Camp Here and There

"Yes, to err is human, so don't be one."
    - Will Wood/Up and Adam, Camp Here and There

"Reality is an illusion, the universe is a hologram, buy gold, bye!"
    - Bill Cipher, Gravity Falls

"I've got some children I need to make into corpses."
    - Bill Cipher, Gravity Falls

"Never go against a Sicilian when DEATH is on the line!"
    - Vizzini, The Princess Bride

"This is my family. I found it all on my own. It's little, and broken, but still good. Yeah, still good."
    - Stitch, Lilo & Stitch

"Why does Ross, the largest friend, not simply eat the other five?"
    - Lrrr, Ruler of the Planet Omicron Persei 8, Futurama

"Dewey, you fool! Your decimal system has played right into my hands!"
    - Big Brain, Futurama

"For one beautiful night, I knew what it was to be a grandmother: subjugated, yet honored."
    - Zoidberg, Futurama

"You're a man, I'm a woman. We're just too different."
    - Leela, Futurama
